	For my game analysis, I chose to play the game Aurore from the itch.io collection. This game initially interested me due to the fact that It was about a girl simply daydreaming. Aurore is the name of the character you play. The background describes her as a passenger on a train. Her journey is very long and restless so she falls into her thoughts and begins to dream of a world that does not exist. The objective is to make it through this obstacle course of a world and reach the other end, this is where she wakes up from her dream on the train.

	The first area you spawn into is an outside world. Each object and structure in the game is broken into fragments. In Aurore’s dream, she is able to use her mind to shrink and grow objects. This helps you make your way through the world. As I began to walk through the world, I noticed that it was very hard to play on a laptop. As you use the mouse pad you are able to shift your point of view, this was very difficult for me because of the sensitivity. In order to use Aurore’s powers, I had to hold down the right and left corners of the mouse pad and I was unable to run and perform this action successfully at the same time. Because of this, I switched to a wireless mouse for my laptop and it was easier to play. Once I got the hang of things I started out on the journey.

	As I was able to look around the game I noticed a few things. The graphics in the game were quite beautiful. I assume a lot of work was put into this game and it shows. The colors of the world and the effects caught my attention the most. There was also a soundtrack that played throughout the game which was nice. Sound effects were also included such as the noise of a train. When objects shrink and grow there is a sound as well which was very realistic and I admired that.

	There were times in the game where I began to walk but my trail ended so I needed to find a new way to keep going. By shrinking and growing objects such as rocks and bridges I was able to create my own path. As I came to the end of my road I fell through a bridge which helped me come across a new scenery in the game. 

	At this point I was able to travel through a building where I found a piece of a picture. I was able to collect this which was eventually stored in my “memories” in the game. After I made my way to the top of the building I crossed another bridge to get to the last scene. This place was very tricky to get through because there was no simple path to follow, you had to use your brain and think outside of the box.

	On each side of this river there were glaciers of ice that blocked waterways. Using my powers, I was able to shrink and grow them and push them into the water and uncover the water flow. This helped raise the water level and made it easier for me to get to the other side of the world. This was the section that was harder than the rest for me but I eventually figured it out. Once I reached the end, there was a giant moon. By shrinking this moon, I was able to uncover the way out which was the end of the dream.

	After I crossed this last bridge, the game was at its end. The whole game probably took me 15 minutes to complete which is fast, but it was still very interesting to play. If you’re looking for a quick game, I would recommend this one. The aspects of dreams are so surreal and they amaze me. Oftentimes the human mind actually does think of scenarios such as this game which is easy to relate to. It is amusing to think of what powers we could obtain and puzzle solving is always fun and an easy way to exercise our brains.

	The second game I chose to analyze was called, Where The Goats Are. In this game, the character is an old woman who lives on a farm. During this game you collect milk from goats to create your own cheese and you grow wheat to feed your animals. I only played this game for about 10 minutes and I believed it was going nowhere. Maybe there is more to the game, but I couldn't figure it out. The graphics were good which is an upside. However, I do not have much to say other than that. It is easy to relate to reality because this sort of thing happens every day on a farm, but it was not that amusing.
	
	I probably would not play this game again because it is just not in my taste, but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t try it out for yourself. This game compared to the game Aurore is vastly different. There is not much objective to this game like the last and the graphics are very different. The only thing that is relatable is the fact that you play in second person and you use the same avatar in the game. However, this game included more characters such as an old man with a sac and a few animals. You are also able to interact with various objects and perform different actions.
